<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <body>

        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

            <ui:define name="messages" >
                <p:messages showDetail="true" />
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="content">
                <div class="text">
                <c:if test="#{request.remoteUser != null}">
                    <p><b>Hi there #{sessionBean.login()}! Your last login was from: #{sessionBean.last}</b></p>
                </c:if>

                <p>
                    This service  is the test-bed for embedding Fourier disentangling into the
                    Virtual Observatory infrastructure. Currently the system allows uploading
                    of user data, on-the-fly modification of parameters and management of
                    various user files. The system uses the well-known
                    interface of electronic shop. The user can see only her/his own files and it
                    is guaranted that nobody (except the administrator) can access her/his private
                    files. More information  about the service and its motivation is described in 
                    <A href="http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.4801">ArXiv:1003.4801</A>. The underlaying  
                    code  KOREL is presented 
                    on <A href="http://www.asu.cas.cz/~had/korel.html">KOREL</A> web page of its author P. Hadrava.
                </p>

                <p>
                    To achive this the full encryption is used and the user is required to
                    register (create unique account). Currently up to  five concurrent jobs may run in parallel - the others are queued.
                    The service is adhering to the IVOA standards for Universal Worker Server (<A href="http://www.ivoa.net/Documents/UWS/20100210/">UWS</A>).
                </p>

                When using the results achieved by this system, please write the
                acknowledgment similar to the one stated below:  
                <p:separator />
                <b> This research was
                    accomplished  with the help of  the VO-KOREL web service, developed at the Astronomical Institute
                    of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in the framework of the
                    Czech Virtual Observatory (CZVO) by P. Skoda and  J. Fuchs using the Fourier
                    disentangling code KOREL deviced by P. Hadrava
                </b>
                <p:separator />
                Current version of KOREL installed on this server is <CODE>KOREL11b - release 9. 9. 2011</CODE>.
                <p>

                    It can handle up to 2000 spectra with maximal size of 16384 bins, 50 spectral regions and 3 templates.
                </p>
                </div>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>

    </body>


</html>
